frontend/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

### Environmental variables
This project utilizes Firebase as the Identity Provider. In order to set up the application properly, you need to add Firebase config to the environmental variables.
Copy the `env.template` file and rename to `.env`. Then, you can put the values of the secrets there. The `.env` file is gitignored. 

Then, you can run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

[ZPI-26] Login page (#14)
* [ZPI-26] adjust the Dockerfile

* [ZPI-26] working PoC for translations

* [ZPI-26] add translations to the signin page
remove sign up page

* [ZPI-26] more translations

* [ZPI-26] minor improvements
started working on the user dashboard

* [ZPI-26] add logo

* [ZPI-26] translate the logout field

* [ZPI-26] layout of the user dashboard

* [ZPI-26] fix alignment

* [ZPI-26] add logo to the main page

* [ZPI-26] modify colors

* [ZPI-26] improve translations

* [ZPI-26] address some PR remarks

* [ZPI-26] organize imports

* [ZPI-26] add translations to the auth errors

* [ZPI-26] refactor the user dashboard

frontend/README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
Install Node.JS 18 or higher. Please find the proper instructions for your operating system online.

### Install
Once you have your node installed, please run
```bash
npm i
```
to install all required npm packages.

### Environmental variables
This project utilizes Firebase as the Identity Provider. In order to set up the application properly, you need to add Firebase config to the environmental variables.
Copy the `env.template` file and rename to `.env`. Then, you can put the values of the secrets there. The `.env` file is gitignored. 

Then, you can run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

### Docker
If you're not going to work on local development, but would like rather have this app working in a container, you can use Docker.
Make sure, as stated above, that you have the `.env` file prepared.
Then, run
```bash
docker build -t zpi-frontend .
docker run -p 3000:3000 -it zpi-frontend:latest
```

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!
